# penguins-addons

A theme for eggs, let you to customize it and save your time.

An eggs theme is simply an organized set of files and directories, YAML being the most widely used.

EducaAndOS is the first example of an external eggs theme available, previous themes: neon, ufficiozero, telos and waydroid will be via, via moved out of eggs itself and updated to the present configurations.

Others themes are: neon, telos, ufficiozero and waydroid imported from the previous themes who was included in eggs.

# Themes

You can customize the boot of live images made with eggs using **themes**.

A **theme** consists of a simple folder under addons, called with the name of 
vendor (in the example: blissos), that includes:

```
educaandos/
    theme
        applications
        artwork
        calamares
            branding
            modules
        livecd
```

## applications
Just a desktop link, it will be copied to ```/usr/share/applications/``` and on the Desktop.

## artwork
The icon for your desktop link, will be copied on ```/usr/share/icons/```

## calamares
Contain the calamares customizations and it's by far the most important.

Each sample configuration file contains documentation on the options it contains.

The configuration of calamares is specified in yaml files and contains within it documentation for the various options. The main calamares ```settings.conf``` file is automatically created by eggs, only partition, locale and users are used here.

Of course, the reference information is in the [calamares repository](https://github.com/calamares/calamares/) and on the [calamares.io](https://github.com/calamares/calamares/wiki/Deploy-Configuration) website


### branding
the branding.desc file is generated by eggs, please refer to [branding](https://github.com/calamares/calamares/blob/calamares/src/branding/default/branding.desc) for more information 


### modules
* locale.yml
* partitions.yml
* users.yml

### locale.yml
Not used yet.

### partitions.yml
Not used yet.

### users.yml
In EducaAndOS to ensure administration capability for our user, we need a groups configuration specified in users.yml. Note: If it is not specified as thema educaandos, the configuration of groups in which the live user and the installed system user will be part, will not have the possibility of administration.


## livecd
Take cure of the apparence of your live.

## usage:

```
sudo eggs produce --fast --theme ../path/to/theme
```
## example

Clone this repository:

```
git clone https://github.com/pieroproietti/penguins-addons```
```

And produce your iso:

```
sudo eggs produce --fast  --theme ../penguins-addons/educaandos-plus
```
